W 12652817 activity library cv (#151)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.2/modules/ROOT/pages/activity-tags.adoc

= Activity Tags

Use Activity Tags to categorize the activities in the Activity Library, which enables you to manage the
activities, to arrange them more efficiently, and to subsequently find them more easily using the
search function in the Activity Library Explorer. 

== Create Activity Tags 

To create new Activity Tags: 

. In the Activity Library toolbar, click (image:activity-library-explorer-toolbar-manage-activity-tags.png["The Manage Activity Tags button.", 2%, 2%]) *Manage Activity Tags*.
. Click *Create New Activity Tag*. 
. Provide a descriptive name to the tag and click *OK*.
+
The name of the tag must be unique. 

[WARNING]
If you delete tags, they are removed automatically from all assignments.

== Assign an Activity Tag

> After you have created tags, you can assign them to a workflow when you upload the workflow to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you created tag, you can assign them to a workflow when you upload the workflow to
```

the Activity Library by using the *Activity Tags* tab.

image::upload-workflow-to-activity-library-activity-tags.png["The Upload Workflow to Activity Library window showing the Activity Tags tab." 50%, 50%]

> Select an Activity tag and click (image:add-tag.png[The add tag button, 1%, 1%]) to add it to the workflow, or click (image:remove-tag.png[The remove tag button, 1%, 1%]) to remove the tag from the workflow. 

Reviewer: do you need " " around the alt text?

Reviewer: Should these button names be init cap?
